Update README.md (#501)
ninjadev/nin: README.md

}
```

## Shader Nodes

Create a shader node by clicking `Generate -> Shader Node` in the frontend menu.

> It generate the files `src/nameOfTheShaderNode.js` and the folder `src/shaders/nameOfTheShaderNode/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It generates the file `src/nameOfTheShaderNode.js` and the folder `src/shaders/nameOfTheShaderNode/`.
```
